Feature: As an admin I want to create an Click to Call
	In order to Create the Click to Call
	As an Admin
	I need create and a new webform and configure the settings


	==== Acceptance Criteria: ====


	> Admin enables modules if not already enabled
	> Click to Call type is able to be configured
	> Administrator can configure and save the Click to Call settings

Scenario: Confirm that Click to Call is enabled
	Given I login as an admin
	And I go to the page "Modules"
	When I check the "FCL Click to Call" checkbox
	When I press "op"
	Then the "FCL Click to Call" should be checked

Scenario: I want to configure the Click to call module settings
	Given I login as an admin
	And I go to the page "C2c Config"
	When I select the radio button "Off" with the id "edit-ctc-reporting-false"
	Given I click "Brand Plids"
	Then I fill in "NSW, ACT, NT" with "wZwbHe4"
	Then I fill in "VIC, TAS" with "xsPsE2"
	Then I fill in "SA" with "4CXB75X"
	Then I fill in "QLD" with "jLkUqJ"
	Then I fill in "WA" with "kk896R"
	Then I fill in "Default" with "jLkUqJ"
	Given I click "First button options"
	When I select the radio button "No" with the id "edit-first-enabled-no"
	Given I click "Second button options"
	When I select the radio button "No" with the id "edit-second-enabled-no"

#Display Messages
	Given I click "Display Messages"
	Then I fill in "Call in progress" with "Call in progress"
	Then I fill in "Missing area code" with "Please enter your area code before your telephone number"
	Then I fill in "Missing post code" with "Please enter your postcode"
	Then I fill in "Postcode invalid" with "Australian postcodes are 3 or 4 digit numbers between 200-300 or 800-9999."
	Then I fill in "Connecting Now" with "Connecting..."
	Then I fill in "Dialing" with "Connected!"
	Then I fill in "Connected" with "Connected!"
	Then I fill in "Ringing" with "Ringing..."

#Error Messages
	Given I click "Error Messages"
	Then I fill in "Standard error" with "Consultants have gone home for the day! Try us again during business hours."
	Then I fill in "Maximum free calls" with "You have used all your free calls. Please join to continue using Pep-Talk"
	Then I fill in "Number invalid" with "The number you have entered is invalid. Please enter your full number including area code."
	Then I fill in "Outside trading hours" with "Consultants have gone home for the day! Try us again during business hours."
	Then I fill in "Busy" with "Are you on another call? We're trying to call but can't get through."
	Then I fill in "Consultants busy" with "Sorry, all of our consultants are currently attending other calls, please wait a few minutes and try again."
	Then I fill in "No answer" with "We just missed you! Try us again and have your phone ready."
	Then I fill in "No consultant answer" with "There are currently no consultants to take your call, please try again in a few minutes."
	Then I fill in "Hang up" with "There are currently no consultants to take your call, please try again in a few minutes."
	Then I click the "Save"
	Then I should see "The configuration options have been saved."

#Block Config
	Given I go to the page "Block Config"
	When I select "Sidebar first" from the "Bartik Region" selector
	And I click the "Save"

#Check the block shows on the homepage
	Then I go to the page "Home Page"
	And I wait for the page to load
	Then I should see the heading "Click to Call"

Scenario: Verify Error codes
	Given I go to the page "Home Page"
	When I press "Call me"
	Then I should see "Please specify your number"
	And I should see "Required"
	When I fill in the "Phone Number" field with "abc"
	Then I should see "Please enter only digits."
	When I fill in the "Phone Number" field with "0712341234"
	Then I should not see "Please enter only digits."
	When I fill in the "Postcode" field with "abcd"
	Then I should see "Please enter only digits."
	When I fill in the "Postcode" field with "4000"
	Then I should not see "Please enter only digits."
	And I should not see "Please specify your number"

 Scenario: Enter valid phone number should receive success
   Given I go to the page "Home Page"
   When I click element with css "Click To Call"
   And I register click to call success listener
   And I fill in "edit-phone" with "071234123"
   And I fill in "edit-pcode" with "4000"
   And I press "Call me"
   Then I get connected after "5000" with "success"

Scenario: Entering invalid post code should fail
   Given I go to the page "Home Page"
   When I click element with css "Click To Call"
   And I register click to call success listener
   And I fill in "edit-phone" with "999999999"
   And I fill in "edit-pcode" with "9999"
   And I press "Call me"
   Then I get error after "10000" with "Please ensure plid is set"

Scenario: Disable the click to call module
	Given I login as an admin
	And I go to the page "Modules"
	When I uncheck the "FCL Click to Call" checkbox
	When I press "op"
	Then the "FCL Click to Call" should not be checked
